[Music]
okay fashionistas listen up
psychologists reveal what twelve
clothing colors say about your
personality can't wait for this one
Kenya
according to Emmy award-winning stylist
and author of the book color your style
David xyla the color you give more
preference to in your wardrobe reveals a
lot about your personality do you want
to know what your personal favorite says
about you then hit that thumbs up and
let's go counting down from number 12
black black is a color to be taken
seriously says fashion and style expert
Karen Haller and psychologists agree
according to their research the color
black is perceived by others as an
indicator of prestige power seriousness
and intelligence hmm that's why a lot of
graduation caps and gowns are black
people who prefer to wear black are
ambitious and purposeful but they're
also sensitive although they often try
to hide it
these people are emotional and easily
excitable black clothes help them switch
others attention from their outward
appearance to their personality since a
person's internal qualities are most
important to them number eleven brown
[Music]
this earthy tone is the color of
reliability strength and stability and
that's exactly how people perceive those
who often wear brown and it's varying
shades people with a lot of brown
clothing are slightly conservative
respectful of elders and always look for
peace stability and strength and
everything a woman in a brown dress or a
man in a brown jacket gives the
impression of a reliable intelligent and
rational person hmm if only they knew
number-10 blue journalist and
psychologists Lisa Johnson Mandel
believes blue is the best choice for an
interview because it speaks of
confidence and dependability maybe
that's why so many uniforms and business
suits are blue scientists at the
University of British Columbia conducted
a study on how colors influence us and
they found that darker shades of blue
have a calming effect people associate
dark blue with intelligence trust
efficiency and tranquility blue in all
its shades is often chosen by kind
sympathetic courteous and even shy
people according to psychologists a
person in blue will make a wonderful
parent or an exemplary worker calmness
and poise are two of the most common
qualities found in people who wear a lot
of blue sea I like those suede shoes you
got there pal what color is that
number nine green
scientists from the University of
Amsterdam say that the color green puts
us in a good mood and the reason for
this according to the liatris iseman the
executive director of the Pantone color
institute and the author of the book
more alive with color is because green
is the color of nature which gives us
the same feeling of peace and
tranquility those who like to wear green
often lead an active public life they
usually live in a good area and are
financially stable they're also kind
caring and warm-hearted number 8 purple
[Music]
in the past purple represented royalty
and high society it meant sophistication
luxury and wealth since only the rich
could afford to wear garments dyed
purple this even goes back to ancient
Egypt Cleopatra was known to be crazy
about the color purple hey that would be
a good title for a movie today however
things have changed purple clothing
indicates creativity inside and love of
art according to the experts people who
wear purple are emotional and sensitive
they're passionate dreamers who love
mysticism these people also tend to be
unpredictable so dealing with them can
be both a breeze and a pain in the neck
at the same time number seven red Kenney
Frimpong marketing manager of the
Italian menswear brand already Paisano
explains that red is perfect if you're
trying to persuade or impress somebody
that's because it's the color of passion
and power any bright shades of red
easily draw attention to the person
wearing them people associate this
vibrant color with energy movement and
excitement psychologists at the
University of Rochester found that men
are more attracted to a woman in red
those who often wear this ruby hue are
bright and easily excitable however they
can be a little self-centered and prone
to addictions number six yellow
[Music]
yellow is the color of happiness
sunshine and laughter studies show that
the color yellow boost serotonin
production in the brain speeds up
metabolism and instantly lifts your mood
not to mention yellow draws your
attention and sharpens your
concentration so it's often used on
billboards advertisements and road signs
experts say that shades of yellow are
often worn by active creative and
approachable people they're bright
dreamers and adventurers ready to
explore and conquer number five white
[Music]
white is the symbol of freedom purity
innocence and simplicity a lot of people
wear something white when they're
starting something new in their life or
entering a new chapter those who are
often seen in white are optimistic free
spirits always looking on the bright
side of life well there you go
these reliable people are very neat and
organized in everything they do they
like new beginnings and strive for
perfection white like a lot of neutral
colors can be worn by a variety of
personality types number four pink
bright-pink is fun and girly which is
probably why it's the go-to color for
girls clothing and Barbie dolls but for
those gals who are a little more mature
softer more toned down shades of pink
are preferable since they represent
ultimate femininity femininity it's hard
to say Softbank is considered calm
loving and womanly it's also one of the
most powerful sedatives
therefore some prisons have light pink
walls in order to calm people down and
reduce aggression according to
psychologists people who love pink are
romantic optimistic and self-righteous
in a good way
as a rule they appreciate kindness and
comfort above everything else
number three orange hey orange you glad
we're talking about this yeah it's an
old joke orange immediately gives off
fun party vibes don't you think this
ultimate warm hue is cheerful creative
and very attention grabbing those who
like to wear orange are optimistic
energetic and joyful these people are
always eager for change and never miss
out on an opportunity although they can
be a little flaky at times they're still
ambitious and reasonable number two gray
fifty shades or not as stylist like to
say gray is the color of balance it's
neither dark nor light if a person has a
lot of gray clothing it usually means
they want to be invisible gray and its
shades are a symbol of tranquility
dimensionality and maturity many
middle-aged men wear gray suits while
mature women
dawn gray dresses since it's a neutral
color it's extremely difficult to
characterize the person who prefers it
they could be a gray Mouse ready to
silently obey the rules as well as a
sensible unemotional and categorical
person but in most cases a person who
favors grey is someone who doesn't like
to attract attention and tries to stay
neutral and number one silver and goal
people who choose metallic colors love
to be the center of attention it's kind
of hard to hide when you're wearing
something shiny and glimmering it takes
a special kind of person to wear
something that noticeable and it's a
sign that you aren't afraid to
experiment would never turn down an
adventure and want to be treated with
due respect and kindness your poise
creativity and charisma shine bright
just like your outfit and then there are
these types of people queen elizabeth ii
of great britain loves all the colors of
the rainbow equally and tries to wear
each and every one of them many believe
that the Queen changes her outfit colors
depending on her mode so does your
favorite clothing color describe you to
a tee let us know in the comments if you
like this colorful personality test give
this video a like if it gets 50,000
likes we'll share another style in
personality video subscribe to our
channel if you haven't done so yet you
won't want to miss all the great updates
we've got on the bright side of life
[Music]